testplan.txt

Welcome to testplan.txt. I will explain how my WTFtest.c is implemented and works.

I create directories server, user1, and user2 to simulate users and a server. I copy the executables WTF into users and WTFserver into the server. 

As you can see in WTFtest.c, I also comment out my input and actions for each system call that tests a function. I also echo in STDOUT what should happen to help explain the outcome.

I run WTFserver in the server folder as a background process. As user1, I create project1 and project2, which both work as intended, creating project folders in the server and returning a success message. 

Then I call destroy project2, deleting the project2 server on the server side. I try to add project1 again, which sends back a fail message.

Then as user1, I create file1.txt in project1 and call the add function, which succeeds. I create a folder in project1 called folder1 and have a file2.txt created in it. I add this as well.

I then try to add file3.txt, which doesn't exist so it returns an error message.

I call commit, which tells us we have A file1.txt and A folder1/file2.txt, which is correct.

I push this commit. On the server side it creates the newest version folder /1/ and makes the necessary changes from commit.

Now I go into user2 and call checkout, getting the most recent version which contains file1.txt and file2.txt.

I go into user1 and remove file1.txt and modify file2.txt in folder1.

I call commit, which correctly tells us R file1.txt and M folder1/file2.txt.

I push the changes, and now the project is in its second version.

I call history which returns a list of all actions from successful pushes

I call current version which returns a list of files and their versions

As user2, I call update, which tells us to delete file1.txt and modify folder1/file2.txt.

I call upgrade and get the necessary changes.

I call rollback to version 1, which removes version 2 on the server side. Now the current version is  in /1/.


Note: I do not delete any of the folders that are made by WTFtest. This is so you can see the contents of each folder and see that everything is correct.

Thank you for your time and patience this semester. I am very grateful for your cooperation and understanding during this chaotic time.
